docs: CircleCI Orb (#7727)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/reconfigure-renovate.md

The validator is named `renovate-config-validator` and installed alongside `renovate` itself if you run `npm i -g renovate` or equivalent.
If it validates your new config then it should be safe to merge.

### Validation when using CircleCI

> If you are using CircleCI, you can use the third-party [daniel-shuy/renovate](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/daniel-shuy/renovate) orb to validate your config as part of your workflow, eg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using CircleCI, you can use the third-party [daniel-shuy/renovate](https://circleci.com/developer/orbs/orb/daniel-shuy/renovate) orb to validate your config as part of your workflow, e.g.
```

`e.g.` is with two dots.
